[singing voice] Aniplex.
[birds chirping]
[Yakumo] So, Tatsuya,
the word on the street
is that you've obtained
a rare item.
I'm just holding on to it.
Interesting.
Then return it as soon
as possible.
[both gasping]
Just as I suspected.
It is being targeted.
Yes, and these thieves
are quite good at what they do.
Knowing that,
let me give you
a friendly piece of advice.
When you're facing the enemy,
take extra care never
to lose your bearings.
Do you understand?
What do you mean,
lose our bearings?
[Yakumo] Sadly, I can't divulge
anything else.
[Rin singing in Japanese]
[Rin Akatsuki's "Konotede"]
♪♪ ♪♪
[Tatsuya grunts]
We're being followed.
By what?
A car?
A raven.
Is that a familiar?
Yes,
but I don't want to reveal
my powers just yet.
Hang on tight, Miyuki.
[engine revving]
[gasps]
[tires squealing]
[Ushiyama] Before you start
freaking out,
just unplug from the Internet.
Disconnected!
Number 10's offline.
We've successfully identified
the hacking route.
Launching our
counter‐hack program.
[Man] Now checking
for other vulnerable pathways.
So should I reconnect?
Not yet.
Wait for confirmation
that we've stopped the hack
[gasps]
Hey, young master!
Don't stop what you're doing,
please!
Just continue monitoring!
all: Right!
Has the network been hacked?
Yes, that's it.
Something about this
is bugging me.
This digital intrusion
is such a large scale attack
and yet I still have zero idea
what they're after.
You can't think
of anything stored
at the lab they would want?
Unauthorized access stopped.
[Ushiyama] Don't let
your guard down, team!
For the rest of the day,
we're staying on full alert.
Ah, my apologies.
So what brings you here today?
You have another magical
breakthrough?
I brought something I
was planning
to keep at this facility.
[whirring]
[grunts]
[booming]
[hissing]
Our tracer has been destroyed.
Doesn't matter.
What does matter is we learned
Tatsuya Shiba brought
the Nino Magatama relic
to FLT.
Sir, Four Leaves Technology
is counter‐attacking us.
How predictable.
Cut off our lines as scheduled.
I'm positive we've
thoroughly shaken
Tatsuya Shiba's faith
in that lab's security
by this point.
I agree.
[Chen] I don't foresee a kid
that intelligent leaving such
a powerful o‐part
at an insecure facility.
[Lu] Logically speaking,
I suppose that would be true.
I already know
what you're thinking.
If Tatsuya has left
the relic within their grasp,
then all we have to do
is find a way
to obtain the data from the lab.
[scoffs]
And speaking of Tatsuya,
Zhou will be checking on
his classmates soon.
Get rid of that girl
before he does.
Right.
[Tatsuya] Yes.
Understood.
For your sake,
Miss Hirakawa,
everything your sister did
will be swept under the rug.
Huh?
[door closes]
Hacking's a very serious crime,
you know.
[beeping]
Brother, who were you just
talking to?
That was Koharu Hirakawa.
She sent her sister's
phone logs over to me.
Uh...
We need a lead.
I'll use whatever's viable.
[beeping]
[phone ringing]
[rain pattering]
It's raining cats and dogs.
We won't be able
to do anything outside.
What are you going to do today,
brother?
[Tatsuya] I'm debugging
at the robot
research club today,
so I'll stay nice and dry.
Then I'll pick you up
from student council.
[Miyuki] All right.
Good luck.
Have fun.
See ya later.
Thanks.
I'll see you in a couple hours.
Welcome, sir or madam.
[laughs]
I'm Tatsuya Shiba
of class 1‐E.
[computer beeping]
Authentication
process completed.
[door closes]
[Tatsuya] Pixie,
please stand by
in suspended mode.
[Pixie] Very well, master.
[machine whirring]
[computer beeping]
[Tatsuya] Maybe I pushed myself
too hard?
[computer beeps]
[grunts]
[gasps]
Sleeping gas?
Sir, the circulation system
has malfunctioned.
Please put on this mask.
It's okay.
Pixie, activate
the force ventilation system.
There's no fire danger.
Now activating
the forced ventilation system.
[whirring]
[Tatsuya] Pixie,
remain in monitoring mode
and log the activities
inside this room.
Also, as we prepare
for the arrival of rescuers,
I forbid you
from eliminating them.
Yes.
Understood, master.
[Isao] Shiba.
Hey, Shiba.
Did you fall asleep?
[Kanon] Just what do you think
you're doing?
[gasps]
[groans]
[Isao] Chiyoda!
Can't say I'm surprised.
You've turned industrial spy.
You're way out of line, Chiyoda!
I was making a backup!
That's all, okay?
[Kanon] You were using
a hacking tool
to make a backup?
Doesn't seem likely.
Right, Shiba?
[gasps]
[Isao] No way!
So the gas didn't work?
Isao Sekimoto,
remove your CAD
and place it on the floor!
[snarls]
Kanon Chiyoda!
[groaning]
[thuds]
[Kanon] Calling out
your enemy's name.
How pointless.
Though you always did try
too hard to be cool, Sekimoto.
[Mari] Listen, now Tsugu,
I really am sorry.
I brought you on
a first time outer
when you're already so busy.
Don't worry.
That's what friends do.
But you ship out early
tomorrow morning.
You have to get ready.
No, I want to spend
the day with you, Mari.
Honestly, don't feel bad.
I chose to be here.
[stammering]
Come on.
You don't have
to put it like that.
Such an embarrassing thing
to say.
[elevator humming]
[door chimes]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[alarm blaring]
A fire?
[Naotsugu] No,
it's the riot alarm.
‐ It's up on the fourth floor.
‐ [Mari] The fourth?
Hey, wait.
Is that girl we came to see
from your school on
the fourth floor also?
[grunts]
[Naotsugu] Let's go!
Hmm?
[grunts]
[Lu groaning]
[grunting]
[Lu grunting]
Hmm.
The Man‐Eating Tiger?
You're Lu Ganghu!
Illusion Blade.
You're Naotsugu Chiba.
[grunts]
[growling]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[shouts]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[shouts]
[groans]
[gasps]
[grunting]
[gasping]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[groans]
[snarls]
Hmm?
[beeping]
[grunts]
[booming]
[shouting]
[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[shouting]
‐ [groans]
‐ You're hurt!
I'm okay.
I owe you one.
[Mari] But Naotsugu,
your arm!
Really, it's fine.
Anyway, what was he doing here?
[Mari] I have no idea.
Who even was that guy?
His name is Lu Ganghu.
Man‐Eating Tiger.
He's with
the Great Asian Alliance
special ops force.
That magician just now
was really him?
There was a break‐in
at the school?
Yes, however we thwarted it.
Chiyoda assisted and I also had
the humanoid home helper
recording everything.
I'm sending you the video files.
Can you please look into it?
Tell me.
Why is it I get
the sneaking suspicion
you're hinting
that you're about
to finish off the fox,
so to say?
That's quite the metaphor,
though I never meant
to put it so arrogantly.
But yeah,
something to that effect.
[Kyouko] No need
to sound offended.
Besides,
the captain's already told me
to get this wrapped up
sooner than later.
So please stay tuned.
[beeping]
[knocking]
[car door opens]
Apologies for making you wait
out here, Mr. Chiba.
It was a private phone call.
[Toshikazu] Oh, no worries.
That's all right.
However, I admit I am curious.
What sort of intel did your
private informant pass along?
They E‐mailed me a drawing
of a sad little mouse
who was tricked by a fox
which included
the tail that was lent
to this poor rodent.
To the collaborator was caught
on video using
a hacking device.
Wait, right?
That's right.
The time has come for me
to embark on a fox hunt,
and it would make the chase
a lot easier
if I could bring
a certain hound dog with me.
[chuckles]
The situation has changed now.
[Lu grunts]
[Chen] Isao Sekimoto has failed
his mission
and was taken into custody.
He's in the Hachijouji
Detention Center.
I've decided Chiyaki Hirakawa
can wait.
Now dispose of Isao Sekimoto.
Right.
[birds chirping]
No way.
Could you at least tell me
the reason why?
It doesn't matter.
No means no.
[Tatsuya] Yes,
but again, why now?
Requests to visit
the detention center
are made through the chairman
of the disciplinary committee
or the student council.
Yet the ultimate decision lies
with the school faculty.
So you can understand why being
sent packing for no reason
wouldn't sit well with me.
Fine.
Because it would be a hassle.
[Tatsuya] Why do you say that?
We can't be certain that nothing
will happen!
You don't seem to be aware
of this,
so I'm going to lay it on
the line now.
You're trouble.
Or rather, trouble loves you.
It actively gravitates
towards you.
So don't give me any extra work
when I'm already swamped.
Do you hear me, Shiba?
[gasping]
‐ [Mari] Hang on, you guys.
‐ [grunts]
It just so happens that Mayumi
and I are going
to check on Sakimoto tomorrow,
and there should be any problem
if he comes with us, right?
Okay, only if he's going
with you two.
Do you also agree
with that, Tatsuya?
Even though it's not quite
the same as bringing all
your close buddies alone?
[tense music]
♪♪ ♪♪
[exhales sharply]
[knocking]
[whimpers]
[gasps]
[beeps]
[Zhou] How are you feeling
this afternoon, Miss Chiaki?
Mr. Zhou,
how did you get in here?
I employed my special technique.
Special technique?
Some kind of magic?
Even without magic,
humans are still capable
of working all sorts
of miracles.
Hey, uh,
I'm sorry, Mr. Zhou.
Even though you went above
and beyond to help me
and gave me advice,
I couldn't complete my mission.
[gasps]
Don't worry your pretty
little head about that,
Miss Chiaki.
If, however,
for some strange reason,
you do come
to regret your failure,
and if the memory becomes
a burden to you,
then perhaps it's best
you simply forget about me.
Right.
I'll forget about you.
[Mari] How's the prep
for the thesis competition,
Tatsuya?
Isn't that coming up
this weekend?
[Tatsuya] It's going well since
I've already completed
my share of the work.
[door opens]
[Mayumi] Tatsuya.
You'll need to come
in here with me.
[groans]
[door opens]
[gasps]
[shouts]
[Isao] Watanabe!
What are you doing here?
I came to hear your explanation,
Sekimoto.
Not even you can use magic
in the confines
of this jail cell.
Oh, really?
[magical whirring]
[groans]
[exhales]
[Tatsuya] Is that scent‐based
mind control she's using?
Oh, is this your first time
seeing it in action?
Yes.
[Isao] After copying over
the data from
the demo machine,
I was supposed to go through
Shiba's personal belongings.
And what's in his possession
that you're after?
I must retrieve the relic.
That's insane.
You don't have that, do you?
Uh, no.
[alarm blaring]
[grunts]
[Mari] Tatsuya!
It seems there's an intruder.
He may be after Sekimoto.
[gasps]
It's the Man‐Eating Tiger.
[snarls]
[grunts]
I'd say we should try
to make an escape,
but it looks like
it's a little too late.
Tatsuya, you protect Mayumi
no matter what.
[gasps]
Don't do anything too dangerous.
I won't.
I know he's no ordinary foe.
[beeping]
[whirring]
[both grunting]
[magical whirring]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
Huh?
[groans]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[both grunting]
[grunts]
Hah!
[gasps]
[grunts]
‐ [shouts]
‐ [gasps]
‐ [snarling]
[yelling]
[snarling]
[beeping]
[grunting]
[shouting]
[grunts]
[groaning]
[shouts]
[grunts]
[thuds]
[gasps]
[groaning]
[exhales]
[Kyouko] Unfortunately,
we were unable to capture
their leader, Chen Xiangshan.
Although since you
and your friends managed
to apprehend Lu Ganghu,
the 101st successfully took
the mobile espionage unit
into custody
so I'd call that
an overall win.
Thanks.
No, thank you.
After all,
I'm the one who asked you
to investigate it.
I suppose on paper that is true,
sure,
although manufacturers
including Izumo Electronics
and Tsukumo Magic
had fallen victim
to their thievery.
Is that right?
By the way,
about the relic.
Did you find out where
the leak originated?
[Kyouko] I'm embarrassed
to admit this,
but the National Defense Force's
accounting data was compromised.
Every single magic
research company
receiving payment
from the army unfortunately
was targeted
by these foreign spies.
That's too bad.
Well, I know you're busy.
Thanks for the update.
You're certainly welcome, agent.
Good luck at
the thesis competition.
I'm rooting for you.
[beeping]
[exhales]
[gasps]
[heart beating]
[inhales sharply]
[gasps]
I'm so sorry!
Please forgive me, brother!
[breathing heavily]
[door opens and closes]
[exhales]
[Miyuki] What was I thinking?
Did I really just do that?
We were this close
to sharing a‐‐a...
[whimpers]
‐ [Tatsuya] Miyuki?
‐ [gasps]
Uh, yes?
[Tatsuya] Can I come in, please?
Just a moment, please, brother!
Thanks for waiting.
You can come in now.
[chuckles]
[whimpers]
Miyuki, you're crying.
What happened?
[Tatsuya] I've made you worry
about me again, haven't I?
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
I was just tired.
So please don't fret anymore,
Miyuki.
Go to bed now,
all right?
[door closes]
[exhales]
[gasps]
[giggling]
[Rei singing in Japanese]
[Rei Yasuda's "Mirror"]
♪♪ ♪♪